tests: Allow Amazon Q e2e tests to call the backend (#4405)
aws/aws-toolkit-vscode: CONTRIBUTING.md

-   `GITHUB_ACTION`: The name of the current GitHub Action workflow step that is running
-   `CODEBUILD_BUILD_ID`: The unique ID of the current CodeBuild build that is executing
-   `AWS_TOOLKIT_AUTOMATION`: If tests are currently being ran

> -   `AWS_TOOLKIT_TEST_START_URL`: The start url you want to use on E2E tests
> -   `AWS_TOOLKIT_TEST_START_URL_REGION`: The region for the start url you want to use on E2E tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `TEST_AUTH_SSO_STARTURL`: The start url you want to use on E2E tests
-   `TEST_AUTH_SSO_STARTURL_REGION`: The region for the start url you want to use on E2E tests
```

-   `AWS_TOOLKIT_TEST_NO_COLOR`: If the tests should include colour in their output
-   `DEVELOPMENT_PATH`: The path to the aws toolkit vscode project

> -   `TEST_DIR` - The directory where the test runner should find the tests

Reviewer: Parameters are starting to sprawl. Why is `DEVELOPMENT_PATH` separate from `TEST_DIR`? Why can't CWD be used by the scripts? Why do we need to parameterize that?

Author: Development path points to the script that loads in the tests through mocha: e.g. https://github.com/aws/aws-toolkit-vscode/blob/master/packages/toolkit/src/testE2E/index.ts. TEST_DIR (optionally) tells the mocha test loader which subset of the tests should be loaded. I'm not sure how CWD can be used here because we can't know which test directories we want to use unless it's manually specified. Development path is also required by VSCode to know how to load and report the tests. I think they're serving two different purposes

Author: Development path points to the root of the project directory. Test dir points to the subset of tests that you want to run for the given test execution. How would cwd be used in this case? You want the ability to select the subset of tests either through some env var or some other way

Reviewer 2: it seems that DEVELOPMENT_PATH is always cwd, which should always be `packages/toolkit`(since that is where you initiate the tests from). Doesn't seem like we need this to be configurable, can we just remove it?

Author: We might be able to. But I think that needs more research in a different PR then this one
